Mixing named arguments + callback style and getter should not compile (#17956)
dotnet/fsharp: src/Compiler/FSComp.txt

featureDontWarnOnUppercaseIdentifiersInBindingPatterns,"Don't warn on uppercase identifiers in binding patterns"
3873,chkDeprecatePlacesWhereSeqCanBeOmitted,"This construct is deprecated. Sequence expressions should be of the form 'seq {{ ... }}'"
featureDeprecatePlacesWhereSeqCanBeOmitted,"Deprecate places where 'seq' can be omitted"

> 3874,tcAbstractPropertyCannotHaveNamedArgumentsWithGetSet,"Abstract properties cannot have named arguments with get and set accessors."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3874,tcAbstractPropertyCannotHaveNamedArgumentsWithGetSet,"Abstract function-type properties with get/set accessors cannot have named arguments inside the function-type definition. Use unnamed function arguments instead."
```
